Calcium:

Maths:

A uniformly curved line, <— Makes it too obvious
In the center your next clue
N-squared plus nine plus nine
To find it just look around you

Use calculator to go between areas. Some areas are dangerous to fly in so using fly kills you

Water:


Germs:

Ghosts:

Sulfer:
Ulfer sulfer xp

Music:

Using forbidden notes kills you with interesting death messages

Solve the entire set of questions from the music quiz

Iron:
Braces made of iron
Use iron to cause earthquake
Have in the lab, a model of an iron molecule and a model of a model of an iron molecule modeled in iron
Iron filing cabinet
Enemy wears a faceshackle

Brain:
Brain flakes

Paper:

General:
Have the tutorial be you getting out of a room with the copy book and the sign, maybe ulfur sulfur to show the xp system
Have a scene with the bottles
Use British currency (kind of)
Disclaimer: All the text in this game should be read In a British accent
Have pencil instead of cursor
Invisible detector
Have a small inventory and an event that has the villain capture you and steal the forbidden notes
Have a box which stores items (maybe use bottles to store items in the lab)
Box text:
	The humble box. You may have seen one as a kid. As you probably already know, boxes lead to other dimensional holes and can be accessed from anywhere. This has made them really useful in the waste disposal industry after Sulphagne became too expensive. Now, people just throw their trash in boxes.
Occasionally have trash appear in your box

Get label maker to enable bottle storage
Calculator:
Fast travel (maths)
Stunning (stun
History facts about the area you’re in (history)
Fixing the fast travel map (which is wrong to begin) (geography)
Translation (English)

Non-Euclidian map section

Areas:
Spherical Lab Field (Tutorial)
Your Lab
Calcium Refinery
Haunted Lab
Secret Area: Broadsheet Acres
Secret Area: Dracula Cathedral
Iron Mine
Secret Area: Hexagon Hill (2D platform section)
Graveyard
Rival lab
Citadel City
Citadel 5 1 5 7 000 (final area)

Final boss:
Cheskers

Tutorial:
Room with copy book on desk and sign that says “They’re there in their room” (to encourage using the interact feature) Then another connected room with a sulfur bottle (which when picked up says that “you think of the benediction of our lady Margaret” or “hydro something (mumble mumble)” or a two headed swan and ask you to write it down [to introduce what the copy book does]) and ulfur as well as a piano with one forbidden note. If you try to leave before collecting the forbidden note (or the copy book) it says, “you feel like you’re forgetting something” If you pick up the bottle and inspect the ulfur, it allows you to use it and gain xp. This let’s you level up and the menu encourages you to increase intelligence. If you don’t it says, “You idiot (replace with something British later)! Now you’ll never be able to even finish the tutorial (translate to British later)” and crashes the game (and resets you file). When you go to the piano, if you inspect it with enough (1) intelligence you rip out the forbidden note and add it to your inventory. If your intelligence is 0, you play the forbidden note and die.

